you're gonna work with so many different types of people is gonna So there
are big, tough guys who wanna boss people around. There are people
who have, ah, slightly racist twinge to them, based on how they
grew up, that you're gonna have toe, you know, hop over. Um, there are
some people especially, um, people that have been in for a long time,
uh, that are know it alls who like there's nothing that you can
say to them that is right. You've been in for two years. He's been
in for six years. And whether he's right or wrong, you're gonna accept
his opinion. You know, like there, there, people from the South who
have an accent. There are people from the north who, um, are are
wealthy and think that the job might be beneath them. They're they're
Californians versus, um, New Yorkers. And there. Is that gonna be
that clash among cultures? Um, some people are very, uh, engaged with
with doing college like things. Um, you know, you're gonna have we
hope that this disappears, But the guy that drinks, you know, all the
time, and it's gonna get so many like red badges that says he can't
go off the ship because, like, he, uh, was pushing someone in a bar
last night. You know, um, there's some people who just don't wanna
listen, you know, And and ultimately, they might be kicked out. Um,
on they're the superstars as well, who you really, really want to
learn from. You know, they it's amazing that you both went to the same
boot camp. You both went to the same school. And yet here you are.
Ah, year and two months later, he's already being promoted. And he
has so much knowledge. And you're wondering, how did we start at the
same place? And he's at the place that he's at, You know, there's
a wide range of people that you have tow encounter. And you know what?
That's the one of the things that makes the Navy great